*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 30th October 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Patrice Conil | Orange |
| Rub√©n Barrado Gonzalez | Telefonica|
| Pierre Close | ATT |
| Murat Karabulut | TMUS |
| Shilpa Padgaonkar|  Deutsche Telekom |
| Ravindra Palaskar | Deutsche Telekom |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Toshi Wakayama| KDDI |
| Uwe Rauschenbach | Nokia | 
| Rajat Kondoi | Ericsson |
| Foo Ming Hui | SingTel |

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|  Issue<br> [#81](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/81) | **Commonalities release 0.2.0**  <br>  The release will be focused on CloudEvents notification format. The needed corrections based on feedback from applying the latest changes related to CE in Subprojects should be introduced to API Design Guidelines with high priority.| 
|  Issue<br> [#80](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/80) | **Guidelines for operation tags**  <br>  Recommendations on style and format of operation tags are needed. Please provide your comments. | 
|  Issue<br> [#77](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/77) | **Response Headers**  <br>  Eric will rise the PR clarifying use of non-standard headers like X-Correlator. There are different views on presence of header definitions in CAMARA YAML files. More comment expected.| 
|  Issue<br> [#71](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/71) | **basePath in servers.url**  <br> This issue should be covered within Release Management activity. | 
|  Issue<br> [#67](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/67) | **Open points for release management**  <br> Presentation prepared by Herbert and Ludovic for TSC discussion is available in [Governance repository](https://github.com/camaraproject/Governance/raw/b62e6214f06f8a88a5870d00584fbf8126f3cd58/documentation/MeetingMinutes/TSC/TSC-2023-10-19-Release-Management.pptx.pptx). All interested in participating in this activity should subscribe to [mailing list](https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/release). Linux Foundation will provide training on Release Management best practices. |
| PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) | **Event Notification using CloudEvents specification**<br> Review needed after introduced changes.  We should have `application/cloudevents+json` instead of `application/json` as content type for event notifications. This point requires updating the example in the DG and probably adding a note. Rajat highlighted that `cloudevents+json` is not part of IANA registration but agreed that we can move forward. |
| PR [#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57) Issues<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46)| **Unification of scopes, security and securitySchemes in CAMARA**<br> While the [IdentityAndConsentManagement Issue#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/57) is open the PR is still stopped. |
|PR [#74](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/74) <br> Issues <br>  [#15](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/15) [#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/76)|  **CAMARA API linting ruleset** <br> The initial set was extended with subjects proposed by Sachin. The development of Spectral rules is ongoing. Comments on proposed rules and severity levels (Issue [#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/76)) are expected.|
|  PR [#82](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/82)        | **Filtering GET results** <br>  Reviews are expected. | 




## Issues that can be closed 



## PRs that can be merged
PR [#73](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/73)  **Improve discovery of Commonalities output documents by API Subprojects** <br>
PR [#78](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/78)  **Use ObjectName as discriminator's mapping key** <br>
PR [#79](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/79)  **Correction of format and typos** <br>

## AOB
Next meeting is on 13th of November.
