*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 27th November 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Ruben Gonzalez | Telefonica |
| Murat Karabulut | TMUS |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Toshi Wakayama| KDDI |
| Mark Cornall | GSMA | 
| Jan Friman | Ericsson |
| Foo Ming Hui | SingTel |
| Ali Tizghadam | Telus |



## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|  Issue<br> [#81](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/81) | **Commonalities release 0.2.0**  <br>  The target is to have the release by the end of November, PR #43 and PR #86 are in the final approval process. When approved the release commit will prepared in PR [#102](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/102)| 
| PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) | **Event Notification using CloudEvents specification**<br> Provided specification is not normative . |
|Issue <br> [#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/76)|  **CAMARA API linting ruleset** <br> The initial set was extended with subjects proposed by Sachin. The development of Spectral rules is ongoing - the rules will be submitted in separate PR. |
 |  Issue<br> [#98](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/98) | **Filtering - parameters support**  <br> PR to Section 8.3 will prepared | 
| PR [#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57) Issues<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46)| **Unification of scopes, security and securitySchemes in CAMARA**<br> While the [IdentityAndConsentManagement Issue#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/57) is open the PR is still stopped. |
|  Issue<br> [#101](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/101) |**Headers like x-correlator in OAS definition** The final solution should  be binding for all CAMARA APIs. Please provide your comments.  | 
|  Issue<br> [#92](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/92) | **Clarification on API Error Handling**  <br> To be converted to discussions as suggested during the meeting.| 
|  Issue<br> [#93](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/93) | **Specify string format**  <br> It is proposed to use only formats supported by code generators. | 
|  Issue<br> [#94](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/94) | **Test definitions - implementations guidelines** <br> Please provide your comments, what common guidelines and artifacts can be prepared for test definitions. |
|  Issue<br> [#96](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/96) | **SDO Specification Version/Release** <br> Review needed to check references to 3GPP and if the latest release of specification are valid. |
|  Issue<br> [#97](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/97) | **Sorting & Filtering Optionality**  <br> PR to Section 8.3 will prepared | 
|  Issue<br> [#99](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/99) | **Security and Privacy Considerations for Filtering**  <br>   Please provide your comments. | 



## PRs for final review
 PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) **Event Notification using CloudEvents specification** <br>

## PRs that can be merged
 PR [#95](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/95) **Update UE-Identification.md** <br>
 PR [#86](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/86) **Minor changes for CloudEvents** <br>
 PR [#88](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/88) **Response Headers** <br>
 PR [#82](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/82) **Filtering GET results** <br>


## AOB

Please join [# wg-commonalities](https://app.slack.com/client/T05S5J43YQP/C063F56KT38) channel on CAMARA Slack.

Next meeting is on 11th of December.

